---
title: "MTG News for 2025-02-05"
date: 2025-02-05
---

Planeswalkers, start your engines! Wizards of the Coast is gearing up for its first new set release of the year with the racing-centric Aetherdriftreleasing on February 14which is currently up for pre-order. The card is a combo piece that, once you’re in play, can be used with one or more other spells to create a powerhouse effect. First, the card combines with your opponent’s spell to create a devastating combo. Then, the card can be cast off-turn, making you available to deal with your opponent’s threats. This card is very unique because it gives you the ability to use an opponent’s spell as a way to deal with it. The card is also very powerful because it can be played from any position, and it can be used as a finisher in many other decks. In this article, I will take a look at the card, and I’ll give you a glimpse into the deck that the card is currently being played in.

Looking at Aetherdrift and the deck that plays it

The Aetherdrift deck is a combo deck that uses Aetherflux Reservoir to generate a massive amount of mana. This mana is then used to cast the first spell in the deck (a planeswalker) and then to cast the second spell in the deck (a creature). In the Aetherdrift deck, Aetherflux Reservoir is the centerpiece of the combo. During the early part of the game, Aetherflux Reservoir casts a number of spells that are used to generate mana to cast a planeswalker. The mana is used to cast the planeswalker, and then the mana is used to cast a creature. During the late part of the game, Aetherflux Reservoir can cast another planewalker to generate another mana to cast a creature. The key to this combo is that the planeswalker is cast from a position that ensures that the planeswalker is on the battlefield while it is resolving. This is why it’s important to play the planeswalker from on the battlefield. The planeswalker is put into a position where it can be cast on the battlefield, which is when the planeswalker resolves. The planeswalker will be on the battlefield while it is resolving. The planeswalker will be on the battlefield when the second spell in the deck resolves. This means that the second spell in the deck is resolving when the first spell resolves, which means that the planeswalker is cast at the time the first spell resolves. This means that if the first spell resolves, the planeswalker is already on the battlefield, and then the second spell resolves, the planeswalker is still on the battlefield. The planeswalker is on the battlefield during both the first and second spell in the deck. Lastly, the planeswalker is on the battlefield when the third spell in the deck resolves. By using the planeswalker to resolve all three of the spells in the deck, you can create a chain that is very powerful and very difficult to stop.

The Aetherdrift deck is a very powerful deck because it has a critical weakness. When the deck uses Aetherflux Reservoir to generate a huge amount of mana while controlling the battlefield, a problem can arise. The problem is that it can be difficult to spend the mana generated by the spell to cast the planeswalker. The problem is that if you spend the mana to cast the planeswalker and then cast the planeswalker on the turn that the planeswalker is on the battlefield, you’ll have to sacrifice a player’s turn to cast the planeswalker. This is because you won’t have the mana to cast the planeswalker, and you need to cast the planeswalker on your next turn. That means that you need to wait until the next turn to cast the planeswalker. To resolve this problem, the Aetherdrift deck uses the Aetherflux Reservoir ability to create a number of “reservoirs.” The Aetherdrift deck uses Aetherflux Reservoir to give itself a way to spend its mana early in the game in order to cast the planeswalker. The Aetherdrift deck has a number of different “reservoirs” that it uses to spend its mana early in the game. The key to the strategy of the deck is that the Aetherdrift deck uses a number of different “reservoirs” that it uses to spend its mana early in the game. There are a number of different ways to use the Aetherflux Reservoir ability, and I will describe each of them in more detail in the next section.

Aetherflux Reservoir is a very powerful ability because it allows the deck to spend mana to cast a planeswalker at a moment’s notice. The planeswalker is cast from a position that ensures that the planeswalker is on the battlefield when it is

Source: IGN
