---
title: "MTG News for 2025-03-07 - There are several different versions of the game i..."
date: 2025-03-07
---

There are several different versions of the game in the world. It’s not just one game, but a whole range of games and environments for each of its character classes. What we can know is when it was first created, and when it was released. A blending of the game's first release into the game Dungeons & Dragons, which came out in 1987, is perhaps the strongest link between the two, but there are also other links between the two. Other versions of Magic include a Japanese-only game called "Magic: The Gathering Japan" launched on the Japanese internet in 1989, and a movie called "Magic the Gathering: The Movie" released in 2001. Later came the game "Magic: The Gathering: The Next Generation" in 2005, the game "Magic: The Gathering: Duel of Champions" in 2007, and the game "Magic: The Gathering: Duels of the Planeswalkers" in 2009. Furthermore, the game "Magic: The Gathering: The Eternal Tournament" was released in 2010. The game "Magic: The Gathering: The Gathering" was released in 2013. It has been the most recent game to be released into the Magic: The Gathering dark web. It has been the most recent game to come to the Magic: The Gathering dark web, as it was released in 2013 and the web version was launched in 2016. The game "Magic: The Gathering: Dragons of Tarkir" was released in 2014 and a movie called "Magic: The

Source: Variety (https://variety.com/2025/film/news/magic-the-gathering-movies-tv-hasbro-legendary-1236299642/)
