---
title: "MTG News for 2025-02-25 - Legendary and Hasbro are gearing up to bring the w..."
date: 2025-02-25
---

Legendary and Hasbro are gearing up to bring the world’s most popular trading card game to the big screen and a television network. The companies are in the early stages of negotiations for a 20-episode television series and a movie based on the Magic: The Gathering tabletop role-playing game. Both projects are in the early stages of development, but the companies have already begun some physical and time-consuming work on the TV series. “We have a very good relationship with Hasbro,” says Legendary co-chairman Brian Rood. “They’re a very exciting partner.” The Legendary-Hasbro partnership makes good sense, in part because the two companies are set to enter into an exclusive licensing agreement for the Magic: The Gathering universe. The deal will bring together many of the same companies that have been involved in the film and TV production and marketing of the game, including the Magic: The Gathering headquarters, Hasbro and Viable Media, which was founded by Legendary co-founder Richard Garfield in 2008. The venture partners have been scouting locations for the new TV series and movie for a year and have already begun to make education programs, including a series of Magic: The Gathering-themed DVDs and an upcoming video-game-based curriculum. The companies are also in talks to create a series of Magic: The Gathering-related digital products. Legendary and Hasbro will not be involved in any direct merchandising or licensing of Magic: The Gathering

Source: Variety (https://variety.com/2025/film/news/magic-the-gathering-movies-tv-hasbro-legendary-1236299642/)
