---
title: "MTG News for 2025-03-02 - Magic: The Gathering is a card game that is played..."
date: 2025-03-02
---

Magic: The Gathering is a card game that is played across the planet. It is a complex, fast-paced game played with cards that are inserted into a deck of playing cards. Magic: The Gathering is played with a deck of playing cards, and the cards that are used are known as Magic cards. Magic: The Gathering is a collectable card game that has been played for over 20 years. From the beginning, Magic: The Gathering’s creators have been inspired by many forms of media. It is one of the few games to have been directly influenced by television. The game’s creators have included many television and film characters and storylines in the game’s story. Magic: The Gathering has also been influenced by many other forms of media. For example, Magic: The Gathering has been influenced by movies such as “The Matrix” and “Jurassic Park.” Magic: The Gathering has been influenced by television shows such as “Star Trek: The Next Generation.” The game’s creators have also included many characters from the television show “Game of Thrones.” Magic: The Gathering has been inspired by The Lord of the Rings. The game’s creators have also included many characters from the television show “The X-Files.” Magic: The Gathering has been influenced by television programs. For example, Magic: The Gathering has been influenced by the TV show “Lost.”

Source: Variety (https://variety.com/2025/film/news/magic-the-gathering-movies-tv-hasbro-legendary-1236299642/)
